--- PAGE 1 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 1
THE WORLD
Master Design Bible
A browser-first magical universe for curiosity, adventure and kindness
North star
Create the place a child cannot wait to return to - a magical world first, with good values woven quietly into 
the adventure.
MASTER EDITION 1.0  |  JULY 2026
--- PAGE 2 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 2
DOCUMENT GUIDE
How to Use This Bible
The permanent source of truth for world design, production decisions and future phase 
briefs.
This master PDF defines what The World is, what it is not, how its systems fit together, and the order in 
which it should be built. It is intentionally broader than a normal game design document. It combines 
creative direction, product strategy, child-safety principles, technical architecture, content-production 
rules and a phased roadmap.
Cursor should use this document as context, but should receive a separate detailed PDF for each 
production phase. The phase PDFs will expand every screen, state, interaction, image prompt, data 
requirement and acceptance test. The master prevents those later prompts from drifting away from the 
original vision.
• For creative work: Use the world principles, art direction, lore rules and character-writing standards.
• For coding work: Use the technical architecture, reusable content model, state rules and phase gates.
• For image generation: Use the visual consistency contract and asset prompt templates before generating 
any scene.
• For scope decisions: If a requested feature conflicts with the player promise or child-safety rules, the bible 
wins.
• For future phase PDFs: Use the standard phase-document structure in the final appendix.
Important
The World must never be described publicly as a “Neopets clone.” Its structure may use illustrated click-
through locations, but its identity is a cosmic storybook universe built around wonder, kindness, secrets, 
companions and optional real-world family participation.
--- PAGE 3 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 3
NAVIGATION
Contents
The master is organised from vision to systems to execution.
Section Focus
1 Vision and player promise
2 Audience, values and safety
3 The universe and its places
4 Core gameplay and progression
5 Family and real-world systems
6 Art, interface and content production
7 Technology, data and operations
8 Master production roadmap
9 Phase specifications 0-11
10 Cursor production contract and appendices
Future detailed phase PDFs should keep the same terminology used here. Avoid renaming major systems 
casually: Explorer, Companion, Crossroads, Home Quests, Starlight, The Between and Heartstar are 
working terms that provide internal consistency until formally replaced.
--- PAGE 4 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 4
SECTION 01
Vision and Player Promise
Define the feeling before defining the features.
--- PAGE 5 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 5
CORE CONCEPT
The One-Sentence Concept
The World is a vast magical universe that respects children, rewards curiosity and 
quietly encourages them to become good people.
Players become Wayfinders: young explorers who can see paths between strange realms that most 
inhabitants cannot. They travel with an original magical companion, build a personal home, collect 
meaningful objects, play games, help memorable characters and slowly uncover a cosmic mystery that is 
never completely explained.
The experience is browser-first and primarily built from richly illustrated clickable locations. Some pictures 
can be “entered” as mini-games, battles or small walkable areas. This keeps the world visually rich and 
expandable without requiring one enormous continuous 3D map.
Emotional benchmark
The player should feel the way a child feels when a story suddenly opens a door into another reality: safe 
enough to stay, curious enough to keep clicking, and certain that something wonderful might be hidden just 
beyond the obvious path.
What it is
• A magical place to escape into for minutes or hours
• A storybook universe with games and persistent 
progress
• A private, low-pressure experience without open 
chat
• A world that changes with seasons, events and 
discoveries
• A family-positive game without becoming a 
parenting app
What it is not
• A classroom wearing fantasy clothes
• A pay-to-win economy
• An open social network for children
• A grim combat MMO
• A flat collection of unrelated mini-games
• A direct copy of a nostalgic browser game
--- PAGE 6 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 6
NORTH-STAR RULES
The Player Promise
Every major decision should preserve these six promises.
Wonder before optimisation
The world should contain things that exist because they are delightful, not because they maximise 
engagement.
Magic before education
Values and habits are embedded in stories and choices. The interface must never feel like homework.
Safety without sterility
Remove open chat and harmful systems, but do not make the world bland, over-explained or infantilising.
Curiosity is rewarded
Odd clicks, return visits, patient observation and unusual choices should sometimes reveal something 
meaningful.
Free players belong
The main adventure, stories, games and core progression remain genuinely accessible without payment.
The world remembers
NPC reactions, small environmental changes and long-term collections should make a player feel that their 
journey matters.
--- PAGE 7 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 7
EMOTIONAL DESIGN
The Desired Feeling
The experience should feel more like entering a beloved book than opening an app.
• On first visit: “I want to go down there.”
• After ten minutes: “There is more here than I expected.”
• After the first session: “I want to see what happens tomorrow.”
• After one month: “This is my explorer, my companion and my little corner of the world.”
• After one year: “I remember when that door was still sealed.”
• As an adult remembering it: “That place genuinely mattered to me.”
The strongest competitor is not another game. It is every short-form feed, noisy multiplayer lobby and 
disposable mobile reward loop. The World differentiates itself by being calm enough to inhabit, deep 
enough to explore and strange enough to remember.
Design test
When evaluating a feature, ask: does this deepen wonder, personal ownership, meaningful progress or safe 
curiosity? If it only increases clicks or monetisation pressure, it probably does not belong.
--- PAGE 8 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 8
DECISION FRAMEWORK
Core Product Principles
A compact operating constitution for design and development.
Principle Practical implication
Illustrated depth over empty scale Fifty highly interactive scenes are more valuable than a 
huge walkable world filled with nothing.
Small stories over constant apocalypse Helping a baker, returning a letter or comforting a 
frightened creature can matter more than saving the 
universe every week.
No humiliation loops Failure should create humour, learning or another path - 
not public embarrassment or loss designed to provoke 
spending.
Collecting with meaning Items should connect to places, characters, events or 
memories rather than existing as meaningless numerical 
clutter.
Optional family connection Parents can participate privately through approvals and 
celebrations, but the child’s fantasy experience remains 
independent.
Expandable by templates Every town, shop, NPC, quest and event should be 
created from reusable systems so the world can grow for 
years.
--- PAGE 9 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 9
SECTION 02
Audience, Values and Safety
Respect children without underestimating them.
--- PAGE 10 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 10
PLAYER MODEL
Audience and Age Adaptation
One world, with writing and guidance adjusted by broad age bracket.
Players choose a broad path rather than entering an exact birthday. The underlying locations, major 
stories and rewards remain shared so siblings can talk about the same world. Dialogue complexity, hints, 
reading length, emotional nuance and guardian controls adapt behind the scenes.
Age bracket In-world name Adaptation
6-8 Bright Path Shorter dialogue, clearer choices, 
visible guidance, simple emotional 
language, forgiving games.
9-12 Curious Path More mystery, layered characters, 
indirect clues, moderate reading, 
greater exploration freedom.
13-16 Far Path Longer stories, thoughtful dilemmas, 
subtle themes, deeper lore, more 
complex strategy and economy.
Shared-world rule
Age adaptation must not create a “baby version” and a “real version.” All paths should feel dignified, magical 
and complete. Older writing is more nuanced, not more violent or cynical.
• Do not collect unnecessary personal data.
• Never ask a child to publicly display age, school, location or legal name.
• Parents should be able to revise the bracket without deleting progress.
• Generated dialogue must be curated; do not dynamically improvise sensitive advice to children.
--- PAGE 11 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 11
NARRATIVE PHILOSOPHY
Values Without Lectures
The child should experience the consequence of kindness, not receive a morality score.
The World can teach empathy, honesty, courage, patience, boundaries, inclusion, critical thinking and care 
for others. These values should emerge from satisfying stories, interesting choices and characters who 
feel real. The game must not pause to explain that the child has “demonstrated empathy.”
Good implementation
• A lonely NPC remembers that the player returned
• An angry creature can be calmed by noticing what 
frightened it
• Admitting a mistake opens a repair quest
• A disabled character is competent and has their 
own goals
• A rumour changes depending on who repeats it
• Helping without a reward sometimes creates a 
later surprise
Bad implementation
• Pop-up: “Correct! Kindness +10”
• Every quest ends in a lesson summary
• Characters exist only to model a moral
• The compassionate option is always obvious and 
superior
• Real-world advice is generated without review
• Children lose core access for not completing good 
habits
Writing rule
The story must still be entertaining if the player never consciously identifies the lesson.
--- PAGE 12 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 12
SOCIAL SAFETY
No Open Chat
A deliberate creative advantage, not merely a missing feature.
There will be no unrestricted player-to-player chat, private messages or public comments. This removes 
major pathways for bullying, grooming, harassment, scams and social comparison. It also protects the 
central fantasy: The World is a place a child can enter without being judged by strangers.
• Players can still feel part of something through anonymous global event totals.
• Preset reactions or emotes may be considered later only in tightly bounded contexts.
• Leaderboards should default to private, friends-and-family or anonymised placement rather than public 
usernames.
• Trading, if introduced, should use protected systems with hard value limits and no direct messaging.
• The game should never pressure children to recruit friends in exchange for rewards.
Community without exposure
“Wayfinders have lit 742,391 lanterns” can create shared excitement without exposing a child to anyone else.
--- PAGE 13 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 13
NON-NEGOTIABLES
Child Safety and Privacy Baseline
Safety requirements must shape architecture from the beginning.
Area Master requirement
Identity Use nicknames; never require public real names, 
schools, precise locations or profile photos.
Guardian accounts Separate authentication and permissions. A child cannot 
access guardian email, approvals or payment controls.
Sensitive topics Use authored and reviewed content. Do not use 
unrestricted AI conversation for health, abuse, 
relationships or crisis advice.
Purchases Guardian-gated, transparent pricing, no loot boxes, no 
gambling-like mechanics and no countdown pressure 
targeted at children.
Data Collect the minimum necessary, define retention rules, 
encrypt sensitive data and maintain auditable consent 
records.
Reporting Provide parent support and content-reporting channels 
even without player chat.
Analytics Avoid invasive behavioural profiling. Use product 
analytics for safety, reliability and broad improvement.
Deletion Guardians can export or delete associated data through 
a clear process.
Before public release, obtain specialised legal and privacy review for every country in which children can 
register. The build should be designed for compliance, but this bible is not legal advice.
--- PAGE 14 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 14
SECTION 03
The Universe and Its Places
Fantasy on the surface; cosmic mystery underneath.
--- PAGE 15 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 15
LORE FOUNDATION
The Hidden Cosmology
The World can be interpreted as a mind, a living system, a galaxy or something 
stranger - without confirming any one answer.
Conceptual cosmology. This is a lore relationship map, not the final player-facing world map.
Children encounter magical realms connected through The Between. Older players may notice recurring 
shapes and language resembling neurons, constellations, memories, dreams, black holes and living 
systems. The design team knows the underlying pattern, but the game never delivers a final “you were 
inside a brain” reveal.
Mystery rule
The hidden theme should enrich every place without becoming a puzzle that invalidates the fantasy world. 
Backwards Town must still be a wonderful town even if it also represents memory, time or reversed signals.
--- PAGE 16 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 16
WORKING LORE
The Between, the Heartstar and the Crossroads
Three concepts that hold the universe together.
Concept Player-facing meaning Deeper design meaning
The Between The luminous space and paths 
connecting realms.
A visual language that can resemble 
space, thought, dreams or biological 
networks.
The Heartstar A distant warm light seen from many 
worlds. Nobody agrees what it is.
The recurring centre of the hidden 
cosmology; it may suggest 
consciousness, creation or a cosmic 
source.
The Crossroads The safe hub where Wayfinders 
arrive and paths open.
The practical account hub, player 
home district, travel interface and 
update anchor.
Wayfinders Explorers who notice paths others 
miss.
The player role: curiosity rather than 
destiny grants access.
Echoes Objects, creatures or places carrying 
pieces of other realms.
A flexible explanation for 
collectibles, memories, seasonal 
remnants and cross-world mysteries.
These are working terms, not locked marketing names. Any renaming must preserve the conceptual 
relationships.
--- PAGE 17 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 17
EXPERIENCE MODEL
World Structure
The illustrated page system creates depth through nested places.
A realm is not a single background. It is a network of illustrated scenes, interiors, characters, activities and 
state changes. A single town overview might expose twelve hotspots. Each hotspot can branch into an 
interior, dialogue scene, shop, quest, game or secret. This makes the world feel much larger than its code 
footprint.
• Realm map: A large illustrated destination or constellation map.
• Location scene: A town, forest, shoreline, station or neighbourhood with clickable hotspots.
• Interior scene: A bakery, library, workshop, home, cave or hidden room.
• Interaction layer: Dialogue, shop, inventory, puzzle, battle or game.
• State variation: Day/night, weather, completed quests, seasons, repairs and hidden discoveries.
• Enterable picture: Occasional mini-game or walkable micro-zone that makes a scene feel physically 
explorable.
--- PAGE 18 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 18
WORLD PLANNING
Initial Realm Portfolio
A balanced world needs places with strong rules, moods and gameplay identities.
Realm Signature rule Gameplay role
The Crossroads Warm hub between worlds Arrival, home, map, festivals, recurring 
NPCs
Backwards Town Everything follows a playful reverse logic Comedy, first quests, Rewind Arcade, 
time mysteries
Whispering Woods The forest remembers voices and 
unfinished songs
Exploration, listening, hidden paths, 
empathy stories
Library of Forgotten Things Lost ideas, objects and memories wait to 
be found
Collections, lore, puzzles, unfinished 
stories
Clockmaker’s Hollow Time is repaired, borrowed and 
occasionally misplaced
Crafting, timers, schedules, mechanical 
creatures
The Sleepy Sea An ocean suspended beneath a night sky Fishing, dreams, calm games, floating 
islands
Lantern Valley Lights appear for acts of courage and 
care
Seasonal events, shared goals, gentle 
mysteries
Umbrella Desert Rain falls upward and shade is valuable Resource puzzles, weather mechanics, 
comic NPCs
Moss Giant’s Garden A civilisation lives across a sleeping giant Gardening, scale, creature care, 
environmental stories
Realm test
A child should be able to describe each major realm in one memorable sentence. “The town where everything 
happens backwards” is stronger than “the medieval village area.”
--- PAGE 19 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 19
FLAGSHIP PLACE
Backwards Town
The first signature realm and the creative benchmark for future locations.
Backwards Town is funny immediately, but it should not be a one-joke location. Its reverse logic influences 
architecture, schedules, quests, games, language and deeper mysteries. The town is welcoming and 
slightly bewildering. Residents treat its rules as completely ordinary.
Visible magic
• Visitors exit before they enter
• Dessert is served first
• The post office delivers yesterday’s mail tomorrow
• The bakery unbakes bread
• Shop shelves refill when items are returned
• The mayor begins speeches with “goodbye”
• The arcade celebrates low scores in one game and 
reversed time in another
Deeper story possibilities
• A resident is afraid of moving forward
• A broken clock remembers tomorrow
• A letter arrives before it is written
• A child learns that mistakes can be repaired 
without being erased
• An old road only appears when walked backwards
• The town may sit near a fold in The Between
Tone
Clever, warm and strange. Never use backwards logic to make controls frustrating or text unreadable. The 
joke belongs in the world, not in hostile UX.
--- PAGE 20 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 20
SECTION 04
Core Gameplay and 
Progression
Give the player many reasons to care, without making everything a grind.
--- PAGE 21 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 21
CORE LOOP
The Daily Wonder Loop
A comfortable routine with room for surprise.
A session may last five minutes or several hours. The player should be able to collect a gift, check on their 
companion and leave, or follow a chain of discoveries across several realms. There is no energy system 
forcing the player to stop and no punishment for taking a break.
• The homepage or Crossroads visibly reflects current events and weather.
• At least one returning NPC has fresh dialogue or a small state change.
• A short activity provides reliable progress.
• A mystery or rare occurrence provides uncertainty and wonder.
• The player leaves with a clear but non-urgent reason to return.
--- PAGE 22 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 22
RETENTION MODEL
Long-Term Progression
Players should build a personal history, not merely a larger number.
Progress layer Examples Why it matters
Explorer Outfits, tools, titles, learned abilities Personal identity and expression.
Companion Trust, traits, appearance changes, 
abilities
Emotional bond and long-term 
uniqueness.
Home Rooms, garden, displays, trophies, music A visible private record of the journey.
Collections Books, stars, recipes, creatures, oddities Goals for many play styles.
Relationships NPC memory, unlocked dialogue, 
invitations
The world feels responsive.
World state Repaired locations, opened doors, 
seasonal history
Progress changes places, not only menus.
Skills Fishing, crafting, gardening, navigation, 
combat
Mastery and varied play.
Lore Clues, maps, Echoes, theories Long-term mystery and discussion 
without chat.
Progression rule
A player returning after six months should feel welcomed, not punished by a mountain of expired obligations.
--- PAGE 23 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 23
NARRATIVE SYSTEM
Quest and Story Model
Stories are built from authored nodes and world state, not unrestricted AI 
improvisation.
Quests should range from two-minute interactions to multi-week mysteries. Each quest stores 
prerequisites, age-adapted dialogue, choices, state changes, rewards, revisits and optional branches. AI 
may assist writing during production, but final child-facing dialogue must be reviewed and stored as 
controlled content.
Quest type Typical length Example
Tiny kindness 2-5 minutes Return a dropped parcel without 
being asked.
Character chapter 10-25 minutes Help the Backwards Baker stop 
trying to erase every imperfect loaf.
Realm mystery Several sessions Discover why tomorrow’s mail has 
stopped arriving.
Seasonal story 1-4 weeks Relight Lantern Valley before the 
longest night.
Long lore arc Months or years Trace recurring Heartstar symbols 
across different realms.
Home Quest bridge Real-world task plus short game 
scene
Help at home, then receive materials 
to repair a tiny in-world bridge.
• Avoid binary saint/monster choices.
• Let players repair mistakes.
• Use consequences as story variation, not permanent account damage.
• Never create an irreversible choice involving sensitive personal themes for a child.
--- PAGE 24 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 24
COMBAT DIRECTION
Battle System
AdventureQuest-style clarity, modern presentation and multiple ways to resolve 
conflict.
Combat is theatrical and turn-based, launched from illustrated story pages. It should be easy to 
understand on touchscreens and satisfying in short sessions. Battles are not the moral centre of the world, 
but they provide strategy, spectacle and progression.
Player action Purpose
Strike Reliable basic action; visually adapted to equipped tool 
or class.
Ability Character skill with cooldown or resource cost.
Companion action Support, distraction, protection, healing or 
environmental interaction.
Item Use food, potion, tool or quest object.
Defend Reduce harm and set up a response.
Observe Reveal a weakness, emotion, clue or alternative 
resolution.
Kindness / cleverness option Context-specific action earned by paying attention; 
never a generic “win button.”
Conflict rule
Not every opponent is evil, not every battle ends in defeat, and no creature should be killed for comic reward. 
Enemies can retreat, calm down, change form, apologise, be repaired or become allies.
--- PAGE 25 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 25
GAME PLATFORM
Arcade and Mini-Games
Original games inspired by classic genres, connected to the wider world.
The arcade is not a separate content dump. Every mini-game belongs to a place, character or story. 
Scores award capped coins, collections, cosmetic unlocks or quest materials. The platform should support 
keyboard, touch and gamepad where practical.
Working title Core genre World connection
Rewind Run Endless runner where time briefly 
reverses
Backwards Town
Unbake! Fast sorting and timing game that 
reconstructs ingredients
Yesterday’s Bakery
Lantern Lift Physics puzzle carrying lights through 
rising wind
Lantern Valley
Moonlake Fishing Calm timing and collection game The Sleepy Sea
Goblin Gold Rush Mine-cart route and risk game Forgotten Mines
Potion Panic Recipe and pattern game A travelling alchemist
Dragon Defender Accessible lane or tower defence A later battle realm
Whisper Catcher Audio-visual memory game Whispering Woods
• No direct clones of copyrighted levels, characters, music or art.
• Build a reusable score, pause, reward, accessibility and input framework once.
• A polished game with strong sound and animation is better than ten unfinished games.
• Daily score rewards must be capped to protect the economy.
--- PAGE 26 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 26
HYBRID EXPLORATION
Walkable Areas
Use movement as a special mode, not the default structure.
Approximately seventy percent of the world should remain illustrated click-through scenes, twenty percent 
mini-games and battles, and ten percent small walkable areas. This ratio preserves the scale and 
storytelling advantage while making selected pictures feel enterable.
Good walkable zones
• A maze-like forest with hidden trails
• A mine where movement is part of a puzzle
• A festival square with stalls
• A small dungeon or ruin
• A shoreline used for fishing and collecting
• A dream sequence where physics changes
Avoid
• Rebuilding every town as a tile map
• Long empty roads between useful places
• Movement added only because games “should” 
have walking
• Complex real-time multiplayer presence
• Touch controls that obscure the whole phone 
screen
• Making important accessibility content depend on 
precise movement
Reveal moment
The first time a player clicks a scene and their explorer steps into it should feel like a genuine surprise.
--- PAGE 27 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 27
PERSISTENT RELATIONSHIP
Companion System
The emotional heart of the account, designed to become personal over time.
Companions are not ordinary pets and should not resemble existing collectible-creature franchises. They 
are small beings touched by The Between. Their appearance and abilities slowly respond to the player’s 
choices, favourite activities, realms visited and relationship history.
Layer Design direction
Selection Choose from a small set of species or origins with 
distinct silhouettes and personalities.
Bond Built through regular care, shared quests and respectful 
choices - not constant feeding meters.
Traits Curious, cautious, playful, observant, brave, patient and 
other non-ranked tendencies.
Appearance Subtle growth: sprouts, markings, glow, fins, crystals, 
feathers or star patterns.
Abilities Battle support, finding clues, accessing small spaces, 
calming creatures, gathering materials.
Communication Expressive animation, sounds and authored short 
dialogue where appropriate.
Failure protection Companions never permanently leave, become sick from 
absence or shame the child for not logging in.
Uniqueness principle
Two players choosing the same starter companion should be able to develop visibly different companions 
after months of play.
--- PAGE 28 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 28
OWNERSHIP
Explorer, Home and Collections
Three surfaces where the player’s history becomes visible.
Explorer identity
• Nickname, broad age path and avatar style
• Outfits earned from places and stories
• Tools and ability loadouts
• Private titles and achievements
• Accessibility choices preserved across devices
Player home
• A room at the Crossroads
• Display shelves for meaningful finds
• Garden or tiny exterior space
• Companion resting area
• Music, wallpaper and seasonal decorations
• Locked door hinting at a later mystery
Collections should be presented as beautiful books, cabinets, maps and displays rather than spreadsheet-
like completion lists. Examples include the Atlas of Impossible Places, Book of Unfinished Stories, Cabinet 
of Tiny Wonders, Constellation Journal, Recipe Ledger and Creature Sketchbook.
Collection rule
A collection entry should tell the player where an item came from and why it matters. Rarity without story 
quickly becomes clutter.
--- PAGE 29 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 29
SECTION 05
Family and Real-World 
Systems
Connect home and game gently, privately and optionally.
--- PAGE 30 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 30
FAMILY FEATURE
Home Quests
Optional real-world actions can create small in-world bonuses after guardian approval.
Home Quests may include helping set the table, putting away toys, reading, preparing a school bag, 
feeding a pet, practising a routine or completing a custom family task. They must remain optional. A child 
who never uses Home Quests still receives the complete magical adventure.
• The child selects or accepts a task and marks it complete.
• The guardian receives a private email or dashboard approval request.
• The guardian can confirm, choose “not yet,” or send a short preset/custom encouraging message.
• The reward is modest and capped: Starlight, coins, materials or a decorative progress item.
• Custom tasks require guardian creation and cannot expose private text publicly.
• Repeated tasks use cooldowns and weekly caps to prevent reward farming.
Never do this
Do not punish the child, lock story content, shame them, notify other players or create a public “good child” 
score.
--- PAGE 31 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 31
PARENT SYSTEM
Guardian Experience
A separate practical portal that never breaks the child’s fantasy.
Guardian capability Requirement
Link account Secure invitation or code; child cannot see guardian 
credentials.
Approve Home Quests Fast email action plus full dashboard history.
Create routines Optional recurring tasks with reward limits and age-
appropriate labels.
Purchase controls Disable purchases, require confirmation, set spending 
limits and review history.
Play reminders Optional gentle reminders, never forced logout during a 
save-sensitive activity.
Age path and accessibility Adjust reading path, motion, sound and support settings.
Wish lists View child-selected real-world ideas only when explicitly 
enabled.
Privacy controls Export, unlink or request deletion of family data.
Encouragement Send limited messages that appear as private notes 
from home, clearly identified as guardian messages.
Separation rule
The guardian portal should look calm and trustworthy, but it should not reuse the child’s fantasy language so 
heavily that approvals become confusing.
--- PAGE 32 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 32
OPTIONAL FAMILY UTILITY
Seasonal Wish Lists
A magical ritual can privately help families without turning the world into an 
advertisement.
During an enabled winter or birthday event, a child can visit a magical post office and create a list of 
things they like. In-world items remain separate from real-world wishes. The guardian receives the real-
world list privately. The child is never told that a purchase is guaranteed.
• Guardians choose whether Christmas, another celebration, birthdays or no wish-list events are enabled.
• The system supports typed wishes, broad categories and links added by the guardian - not unrestricted 
external browsing by children.
• No brand pays to influence the child’s list.
• The child can revise the list; the guardian sees timestamps and changes.
• After the season, the child-facing list becomes a memory page or is archived according to guardian 
preference.
• Marketing and store links must never be disguised as NPC recommendations.
Tone example
“The Winter Traveller reads every letter, but even magic cannot promise every wish.”
--- PAGE 33 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 33
LIVE WORLD
Seasonal Events
The world should visibly change, not merely display a banner.
Event Season World effect
First Rains Autumn Upward rain begins in the Umbrella 
Desert; new plants appear 
elsewhere.
Longest Night Winter Players light lanterns across realms; 
the Heartstar is unusually faint.
Bloomwake Spring Paths grow overnight; companion 
sprouts and gardens change.
Sky Carnival Summer A travelling floating fair arrives with 
games and strange prizes.
Backwards Day Special Backwards Town temporarily 
behaves normally and residents find 
it alarming.
Constellation Opening Lore event A new realm appears when 
anonymous global discoveries reach 
a threshold.
• Homepage art, lighting, music and small animations change.
• Existing NPCs receive event dialogue and outfits.
• Temporary content should leave permanent memories, book entries or decorations.
• Avoid fear-of-missing-out pressure and extremely short purchase windows.
• Repeat events may evolve rather than reset identically.
--- PAGE 34 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 34
BUSINESS MODEL
Economy and Monetisation
Support the world without corrupting it.
The game is predominantly free. Revenue can come from cosmetics, expanded personalisation, optional 
membership conveniences, merchandise and guardian-approved purchases. Spending should express 
affection for the world, not remove artificial pain.
Allowed direction Examples
Cosmetics Outfits, home themes, companion accessories, 
animation packs and seasonal decoration sets.
Account expansion Additional home rooms, extra outfit presets or additional 
companion slots with clear limits.
Optional membership Monthly cosmetic allowance, expanded storage, bonus 
decorating tools and behind-the-scenes content.
Merchandise Plush companions, books, art prints, cards and physical 
collectibles.
Supporter purchases One-off founder or patron cosmetics that do not convey 
gameplay power.
Guardian gifting Directly purchase a known item; no randomised loot.
Prohibited Reason
Loot boxes or paid random rewards Gambling-like pressure and poor transparency.
Pay-to-win stats or exclusive story endings Undermines the shared world and free-player promise.
Artificial energy sold for cash Turns playtime into monetised frustration.
Child-targeted countdown pressure Exploits urgency and fear of missing out.
Ads disguised as characters or quests Breaks trust and manipulates children.
Public spending status Creates comparison and social pressure.
--- PAGE 35 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 35
SECTION 06
Art, Interface and Content 
Production
Consistency is what separates a real world from a folder of AI images.
--- PAGE 36 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 36
ART BIBLE
Visual Direction
A richly illustrated storybook world with cinematic depth and gentle movement.
Current homepage reference: atmosphere and quality target, not a final locked design.
• Hand-painted storybook aesthetic combining gouache, watercolour texture and polished digital illustration.
• Warm, natural light and layered depth rather than flat vector art.
• Whimsical architecture with believable construction and coherent regional materials.
• Original companion silhouettes and characters; avoid visual proximity to existing franchises.
• Detailed scenes with calm negative space reserved for real HTML interface elements.
• Animation is subtle: wind, clouds, lights, water, idle breathing and occasional environmental events.
• No baked-in interface text, generated gibberish signage or unreadable AI lettering.
Art test
A screenshot without buttons should still look like a page from a beautiful illustrated book. A screenshot with 
buttons should still look like a functioning game.
--- PAGE 37 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 37
IMAGE GENERATION RULES
Visual Consistency Contract
Cursor must establish shared references before generating production assets.
1. Create a visual bible containing palette, rendering style, lighting examples, architecture rules, 
character proportions, line treatment, material references and prohibited looks.
2. Create model sheets for recurring characters and companions: front, side, three-quarter, expressions, 
scale and colour references.
3. Create one approved hero image for each realm before generating interiors, objects or variations.
4. Generate backgrounds without important UI text, characters or animation objects when those elements 
need independent control.
5. Generate moving objects as separate transparent assets: windmill blades, balloons, clouds, smoke, 
lantern glow, water overlays and character idle parts.
6. Use fixed asset naming, versioning and prompt metadata so later scenes can reproduce the style.
7. Reject and regenerate assets with anatomy errors, inconsistent buildings, nonsensical object 
placement, visible signatures or accidental franchise resemblance.
8. Optimise approved originals into AVIF/WebP derivatives; preserve the high-resolution source outside 
the public web bundle.
Never accept “close enough” characters
If a recurring NPC changes face, clothing construction or scale between screens, the world immediately looks 
fake. Character consistency has higher priority than producing content quickly.
--- PAGE 38 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 38
CURSOR PRODUCTION TEMPLATE
Master Background Prompt Template
A reusable prompt structure for every illustrated location.
Template: realm or location background
Generate a high-resolution 16:9 illustrated background for an original children’s fantasy browser world 
named The World. Scene: [LOCATION AND VIEWPOINT]. Realm identity: [SIGNATURE RULE, MATERIALS, COLOURS 
AND WEATHER]. Include [KEY LANDMARKS AND CLICKABLE HOTSPOT AREAS]. Mood: [EMOTIONAL GOAL]. Time and 
lighting: [SPECIFIC LIGHT]. Art direction: richly detailed hand-painted storybook environment, gouache 
and watercolour texture combined with polished digital painting, coherent architecture, layered 
cinematic depth, warm and magical without excessive saturation. Reserve calm visual space at [UI 
REGION] for real HTML interface. Do not include text, logos, buttons, visible UI, copyrighted 
characters, watermarks, signatures or generated writing. Do not include moving objects that need 
separate animation layers: [LIST]. No photorealism, no generic flat vector style, no random collage 
composition.
Production notes: Generate at least one clean desktop master. Create a deliberate portrait/mobile 
crop or separate composition when the desktop scene cannot crop safely.
Template: transparent character asset
Generate a full-body transparent-background illustration of [CHARACTER NAME AND ROLE] for The World. 
Match the approved visual bible and reference sheet exactly. Age, proportions and silhouette: 
[DETAILS]. Clothing and materials: [DETAILS]. Pose and expression: [DETAILS]. Lighting direction: 
[DETAILS]. Painterly storybook rendering with clean transparent edges and consistent scale. No scenery, 
text, logos, weapons unless explicitly required, franchise resemblance, duplicate limbs, malformed 
hands or cropped body parts.
--- PAGE 39 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 39
INTERACTION COMPOSITION
Scene and Hotspot Design
Every picture should invite clicking without looking like a hidden-object 
advertisement.
Element Rule
Primary landmarks Three to six obvious destinations with distinctive 
silhouettes.
Secondary hotspots Small characters, signs, windows, paths or objects 
discovered through cursor/touch feedback.
Secret hotspots Rare or state-dependent; never required without a 
discoverable clue.
UI safe zone Calm region reserved for title, menu or dialogue.
Depth layers Foreground framing, playable middle ground and distant 
worldbuilding.
Animation anchors Clear positions for separate moving assets; coordinates 
stored relative to scene.
Responsive crop Important landmarks remain reachable on tablet and 
phone; use alternate composition if needed.
Accessibility map Every hotspot exists in keyboard order and an optional 
labelled list or discovery mode.
Hotspot feedback
Hover or focus may add a soft glow, movement, label or sound. Do not cover the artwork in permanent icons 
unless an accessibility setting requests stronger guidance.
--- PAGE 40 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 40
UI DIRECTION
Interface System
Real HTML controls should feel physically integrated into the illustrated world.
Component Visual language
Primary action Deep moss green, restrained gold detail, soft bevel, 
clear pressed state.
Secondary action Warm parchment with dark ink and illustrated icon.
Information action Muted purple or navy, book/map motifs.
Dialogue panel Illustrated parchment or material appropriate to the 
realm, with readable text and portrait.
Inventory Cabinet, satchel or field journal metaphor; responsive 
grid beneath the visual framing.
Modal Travel journal, book spread or framed panel; focus 
trapped and keyboard accessible.
Selection Gold outline plus icon/check shape, not colour alone.
Loading Small world-specific animation and useful progress 
language; never a blank spinner on white.
Error Calm, specific and recoverable. A lost-path metaphor 
may decorate but must not obscure the fix.
• Buttons must remain large enough for touch.
• Never bake essential labels into images.
• Text remains readable over every seasonal background.
• UI motion honours reduced-motion preferences.
• Do not make children decipher decorative fonts for routine controls.
--- PAGE 41 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 41
ATMOSPHERE
Animation and Audio
Movement should make the page breathe, not demand attention.
Animation priorities
• Slow environmental loops
• Purposeful character idles
• Clear click and reward feedback
• Rare surprising events
• Layered parallax with restrained movement
• Reduced-motion alternatives
Audio priorities
• Distinct realm ambience
• Memorable but gentle music themes
• Crisp tactile interface sounds
• Character motifs and companion noises
• No autoplay before user interaction
• Independent music and sound controls
Use CSS transforms, lightweight video loops, sprite sheets or canvas effects depending on the asset. Keep 
moving objects separate when possible. Never animate an entire large background merely to make one 
waterfall move.
Silence is valid
The complete experience must remain understandable and emotionally coherent with audio disabled.
--- PAGE 42 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 42
MULTI-DEVICE
Responsive Experience
The World must feel designed for desktop, iPad and phone - not shrunk to fit.
Device Design approach
Desktop Full cinematic scene, pointer hover, subtle parallax, side 
panels and broad landscape composition.
Tablet landscape Near-desktop composition with larger targets and 
reduced decorative UI.
Tablet portrait Recompose panels vertically; preserve artwork focus and 
provide touch-friendly hotspot access.
Phone portrait Use intentional portrait crops or separate artwork. Stack 
actions, reduce decoration and avoid tiny hotspots.
Phone landscape Support game modes where useful, but never require 
rotation for core navigation.
Installed PWA Home-screen icon, safe-area support, offline shell and 
app-like navigation without hiding browser accessibility.
Mobile image rule
If the desktop crop removes the explorer, companion or primary destination, create a separate mobile 
composition. Do not accept a technically responsive but emotionally empty crop.
--- PAGE 43 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 43
CMS DIRECTION
Content Production Model
The world must grow through reusable structured content, not hard-coded pages.
Content type Core fields
Realm Name, summary, hero art, palette, music, entry rules, seasonal 
variants.
Scene Background layers, hotspots, UI region, ambience, state 
conditions, mobile composition.
Hotspot Coordinates, shape, label, action, state visibility, keyboard 
order, sound and animation.
NPC Reference sheet, portraits, role, traits, relationships, dialogue 
sets and state memory.
Quest Prerequisites, nodes, choices, age variants, rewards, world 
changes and replay rules.
Item Art, description, category, source, rarity, trade rules, price and 
collection links.
Game Launch config, controls, reward caps, score rules, accessibility 
and version.
Event Dates, eligibility, scene variations, tasks, rewards, archive and 
recurrence.
Home Quest Guardian-defined or system task, approval rule, cap, age labels 
and reward mapping.
The content system should support previewing a complete scene with a chosen player state before 
publication. Production staff should not need to edit source code to change dialogue, hotspot visibility or 
seasonal artwork.
--- PAGE 44 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 44
SECTION 07
Technology, Data and 
Operations
Build the content engine and safety boundaries before scaling the world.
--- PAGE 45 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 45
TECHNICAL FOUNDATION
Recommended Architecture
Browser-first, component-driven and expandable.
• Application: Next.js, React and TypeScript for world pages, account surfaces and guardian portal.
• Game runtime: Phaser for mini-games, battles and selected walkable micro-zones.
• Backend: Postgres and Supabase-style services for authentication, data, realtime events where necessary 
and row-level security.
• Storage: Object storage for layered art, optimised derivatives, audio, video loops and downloadable source 
packages.
• Content: A structured CMS with draft, preview, review and publish states.
• Delivery: Progressive Web App first; Capacitor/native packaging only after browser experience is strong.
• Notifications: Transactional email to guardians; no direct child-to-stranger communication channels.
• Observability: Error tracking, performance monitoring, audit logs and safety-focused analytics.
Why not Unreal
The primary experience is illustrated scenes, content systems, responsive interfaces and lightweight games. 
A web stack is faster to produce, easier to update and naturally supports browser, phone and iPad.
--- PAGE 46 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 46
DATA ARCHITECTURE
High-Level Data Model
Separate player fantasy data from guardian identity and approval data.
Entity Purpose
accounts Authentication identity and account status.
player_profiles Nickname, age path, explorer style, preferences and onboarding 
state.
guardian_profiles Guardian identity, consent, notification and billing settings.
guardian_links Permissioned relationship between guardian and child account.
companions Species, appearance traits, bond, abilities and history.
player_inventory Item ownership, quantity, source and lock state.
player_currency Balances and append-only transaction references.
quests / quest_progress Authored quest definitions and player state.
scenes / hotspots Published content and interaction definitions.
npc_relationships Per-player flags, dialogue state and memory.
home_quests Task definition, recurrence and reward policy.
home_quest_submissions Child claim, guardian decision, message and audit timestamps.
events / participation Seasonal configuration and player progress.
purchase_ledger Guardian-approved transactions and refunds.
audit_logs Sensitive guardian, reward, moderation and publication actions.
Currency integrity
Every balance change should reference an append-only transaction record. Never rely solely on a mutable 
“coins” number that can change without an audit trail.
--- PAGE 47 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 47
ENGINEERING RULES
Security and Permission Boundaries
Convenient prototypes must not become unsafe production foundations.
• Use server-side authorisation for rewards, purchases, guardian actions and content access.
• Apply row-level data policies so accounts can read only permitted records.
• Never trust game scores, task completion or currency changes sent directly from a browser.
• Use signed, expiring guardian approval links with clear context and a login fallback.
• Rate-limit account creation, email actions, reward claims and sensitive endpoints.
• Store secrets only in environment configuration, never client bundles or generated prompts.
• Maintain separate draft and published content states.
• Log sensitive changes while avoiding storage of unnecessary child behaviour detail.
• Create automated tests for cross-account access and guardian-link permissions.
• Design account recovery so a child cannot take over a guardian identity or vice versa.
Prototype warning
Local storage is acceptable for an isolated visual prototype. It is not acceptable for real currency, guardian 
approvals, purchases or child account security.
--- PAGE 48 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 48
SHIPPING DISCIPLINE
Quality Assurance
Every phase must end in a coherent journey that can be tested by a real person.
Test layer Required checks
Visual Desktop, tablet and phone screenshots; consistency with 
references; no placeholder art or broken crops.
Interaction Keyboard, touch and pointer; every hotspot and button; back 
navigation; state persistence.
Accessibility Focus order, labels, contrast, reduced motion, text scaling, 
audio-independent meaning.
Content Age variants, spelling, lore consistency, sensitive-language 
review and missing states.
Economy Reward limits, duplicate claims, transaction logs and exploit 
attempts.
Safety Permission boundaries, guardian separation, data minimisation 
and purchase gates.
Performance Largest contentful paint, image weight, animation cost, slow 
networks and lower-end phones.
Resilience Reload during actions, expired links, offline interruption, failed 
email and partial content load.
Regression Automated flows for onboarding, travel, quest completion, 
reward claim and guardian approval.
Phase exit gate
A phase is not complete because every ticket is closed. It is complete when its intended player journey works, 
looks coherent and survives the defined tests.
--- PAGE 49 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 49
OPERATIONS
Live Operations and Analytics
Use data to protect and improve the world, not manipulate children.
Useful signals
• Crashes and failed interactions
• Slow scene loads and device classes
• Quest abandonment caused by confusion
• Accessibility-setting usage
• Economy inflation and exploit patterns
• Guardian approval delivery failures
• Content reports and support themes
• Broad return patterns after new chapters
Avoid
• Psychological targeting of individual children
• Aggressive retention scoring
• Selling behavioural profiles
• Manipulative push notifications
• Using private Home Quest details for marketing
• Optimising purchases through distress or urgency
• Publicly ranking children by playtime or spending
Live operations require a content calendar, event rollback plan, support ownership, incident response 
process, reward correction tools and the ability to disable a broken game or hotspot without redeploying 
the entire site.
--- PAGE 50 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 50
SECTION 08
Master Production Roadmap
Build a small world that feels real, then expand it safely.
--- PAGE 51 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 51
SEQUENCE
Roadmap at a Glance
Twelve phases move from visual proof to a sustainable live world.
The sequence is intentional. The team first proves the visual identity and opening experience, then 
creates the reusable world and story systems, then adds combat and mini-games, then introduces 
guardian-connected features, economy depth, seasonal operations and walkable zones. Safety and 
technical foundations are refined continuously, with a dedicated beta phase before public launch.
Scope rule
Do not begin mass-generating realms before one complete realm proves the scene, hotspot, NPC, quest, 
reward, responsive and content-publication systems.
--- PAGE 52 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 52
PRODUCTION ROADMAP
Phase 0: Vision and Visual Bible
Create the shared source material that prevents every later screen from drifting.
Phase goal
Lock the emotional target, working lore, design language and recurring visual references.
Player outcome
• A viewer can recognise The World from a 
screenshot without seeing the logo.
Build outcome
• Approved visual bible, UI kit, character sheets, 
asset rules and prototype repository foundation.
Dependencies: This master bible and the approved homepage reference.
• Create final palette and typography tests.
• Create explorer proportion and clothing guide.
• Design at least three companion silhouette families.
• Create Crossroads and Backwards Town realm mood boards.
• Create component examples: button, panel, dialogue, modal, inventory tile and loading state.
• Create desktop, tablet and phone art-cropping rules.
• Establish asset metadata: prompt, seed/reference, version, source, derivative formats and usage rights.
--- PAGE 53 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 53
PHASE 0 DETAIL
Phase 0 Screen and Asset Inventory
This phase produces references, not the complete game.
Deliverable Minimum output
Brand mark Primary wordmark, compact mark, monochrome and 
small-size variants.
Homepage style frame Desktop and phone compositions with approved 
atmosphere.
Explorer model sheet Four starter directions plus proportion and pose 
standards.
Companion exploration At least twelve silhouettes, reduced to three coherent 
families.
NPC style frame One older, one child, one non-human and one comic 
character.
Realm frames Crossroads, Backwards Town and one cosmic Between 
scene.
UI kit All basic controls in default, hover, focus, pressed, 
disabled and high-contrast states.
Motion guide Wind, cloud, glow, idle, transition and reduced-motion 
examples.
Asset pipeline Folder naming, optimisation, references and review 
checklist.
Exit gate
No production scene generation begins until recurring characters and the visual rendering style can be 
reproduced consistently across at least three separate images.
--- PAGE 54 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 54
PRODUCTION ROADMAP
Phase 1: Your First Day
Prove that a new player can fall in love with the world before any large content library 
exists.
Phase goal
Build the complete opening journey from homepage through account setup, explorer and companion creation, 
arrival at the Crossroads and the first invitation toward Backwards Town.
Player outcome
• The player feels welcomed, creates an identity, 
bonds with a companion and leaves wanting to 
return.
Build outcome
• A production-quality responsive shell, account 
model, onboarding state, first cinematic scenes and 
reusable dialogue/navigation components.
Dependencies: Phase 0 visual bible and functioning secure account foundation.
• Animated homepage with windmill, balloon, clouds, waterfall and gentle character idle.
• Create account, log in, options and “What is The World?” states.
• Broad age-path selection and nickname guidance.
• Explorer appearance selection.
• Companion encounter and selection - framed as meeting rather than purchasing.
• Arrival through The Between.
• Crossroads introduction and first room assignment.
• First NPC conversation and the “missing tomorrow’s map” hook.
• Save and resume onboarding across devices.
--- PAGE 55 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 55
PHASE 1 FLOW
Phase 1 Player Flow
Every arrow becomes a designed state in the detailed phase PDF.
1. Open the animated hilltop homepage and choose Start Adventure.
2. Create or log into an account with guardian-consent handling appropriate to the release jurisdiction.
3. Choose an explorer nickname, broad age path and starter appearance.
4. Follow lights into a small companion sanctuary and meet three possible companions through short 
authored scenes.
5. Choose a companion and complete a tiny bonding interaction.
6. Travel through The Between in a short layered transition.
7. Arrive at the Crossroads, where the world map is mostly dark.
8. Meet the first recurring guide, who gives the player a room and notices that tomorrow’s map is missing.
9. Open the room, place the first keepsake and see a locked unexplained door.
10. Receive the first route marker toward Backwards Town and a calm invitation to continue now or return 
later.
Phase 1 reward
The player receives a small Wayfinder satchel, a first coin pouch, the companion’s trust token and a map 
page with one destination glowing.
--- PAGE 56 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 56
PHASE 1 ART
Phase 1 Image Production
The detailed phase PDF will define each screen individually; this is the master asset 
scope.
Asset family Required direction
Homepage Layered hill, valley, town, explorer, companion silhouette, 
windmill, balloon, clouds, waterfall and UI signs.
Onboarding trailhead Woodland registration wagon, signpost, avatar preview area and 
age-card emblems.
Companion sanctuary Warm circular room or grove with three distinct resting places; 
no pet-shop feeling.
The Between Cosmic path that can resemble stars, dreams and neural light 
without becoming science fiction.
Crossroads arrival Welcoming station/plaza with visible paths, locked routes and 
central Heartstar motif.
Player room Small beautiful blank room with display shelf, companion corner 
and sealed door.
Guide NPC Full model sheet, expressions, portraits and story poses.
UI Account, dialogue, selection, accessibility, loading, error and 
save states.
Responsive variants Intentional phone compositions for every full-scene screen.
Exit gate
A brand-new user can complete the entire first-day journey on desktop and phone, close the browser, return 
on another device and continue from the correct state.
--- PAGE 57 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 57
PRODUCTION ROADMAP
Phase 2: The Crossroads and Player Home
Turn the opening location into a place the player actually inhabits.
Phase goal
Build the persistent hub, home, map, daily return surfaces and first recurring systems.
Player outcome
• The player has a reliable home base and several 
meaningful things to check without leaving the 
hub.
Build outcome
• Reusable scene state, home decoration, daily 
content, collections and travel interfaces.
Dependencies: Phase 1 account, companion and Crossroads arrival.
• Full Crossroads overview with hotspots: home district, map chamber, market cart, archive, portal garden and 
event square.
• Player home interior, inventory, wardrobe and companion area.
• Daily gift designed as a small world interaction rather than a calendar pop-up.
• First collection books and achievement cabinet.
• NPC revisit dialogue and relationship flags.
• Map unlocking and route prerequisites.
• News/event presentation integrated into the environment.
• Private notification centre using letters or journal entries.
--- PAGE 58 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 58
PHASE 2 DETAIL
Phase 2 Screen Inventory
The hub should support short daily visits before any major realm expansion.
Screen group Examples
Crossroads Main plaza, map chamber, archive entrance, market 
lane, portal garden, event square.
Home Room overview, decorate mode, wardrobe, companion 
corner, shelf inspection, locked door.
Progress Quest journal, Atlas, collections cabinet, achievements, 
currency and item details.
Daily Gift scene, returning NPC, changed weather, small 
discovery and optional activity.
Travel Realm map, destination card, locked-route explanation, 
arrival transition.
System Settings, guardian-link prompt, accessibility, support and 
account management.
Exit gate
A player can spend fifteen satisfying minutes entirely within the Crossroads and leave with visible progress or 
a new curiosity.
--- PAGE 59 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 59
PRODUCTION ROADMAP
Phase 3: Backwards Town
Launch one complete signature realm that proves the content engine.
Phase goal
Build a dense illustrated realm with memorable humour, character stories, shops, secrets and the first arcade.
Player outcome
• The player can explore for several sessions and 
describe the town as a place, not a feature demo.
Build outcome
• Reusable realm, scene, hotspot, shop, quest, NPC 
memory and game-launch systems.
Dependencies: Crossroads travel, inventory, currency and journal.
• Town arrival road and main overview.
• Yesterday’s Bakery, Rewind Arcade, Tomorrow Post Office, Mayor’s Office, repair shop, inn and hidden lane.
• At least eight recurring NPCs with visual sheets and relationship states.
• One main town story, four character quests, several tiny interactions and two secrets.
• First complete shop economy and item catalogue.
• Two polished arcade games.
• Day/night or normal/backwards event variation.
• At least one optional alternative-resolution encounter.
--- PAGE 60 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 60
PHASE 3 NARRATIVE
Phase 3 Core Story
The missing tomorrow’s map leads somewhere funny, then somewhere meaningful.
The player arrives because the Crossroads guide believes tomorrow’s map was accidentally delivered to 
Backwards Town. The post office insists it cannot be collected until yesterday. Investigation leads through 
the bakery, mayor, clock repairer and arcade. The apparent administrative joke gradually reveals that a 
nervous young clock-creature has been reversing deliveries because it is frightened of a future event.
• The player can solve practical problems while learning the town’s logic.
• The frightened creature is not defeated as a villain; it can be understood and helped.
• The map is recovered, but one route on it points to a place that should not exist.
• Choices change later dialogue and a small town decoration, not access to the central story.
• Age variants adjust length and subtlety while preserving the same emotional truth.
Exit gate
Backwards Town contains enough polished content for an external tester to play across multiple sessions 
without seeing placeholder screens or unfinished systems.
--- PAGE 61 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 61
PRODUCTION ROADMAP
Phase 4: Stories, Quests and World Memory
Create the system that lets the world respond over months and years.
Phase goal
Expand authored narrative tools, branching state and NPC memory beyond one realm.
Player outcome
• Characters recognise the player and old choices 
create later surprises.
Build outcome
• Quest editor, dialogue preview, localisation-ready 
content, state debugging and narrative analytics.
Dependencies: One complete realm demonstrating the requirements.
• Node-based authored dialogue with age-path variants.
• Quest prerequisites, branching, re-entry and recovery states.
• NPC relationship and memory flags.
• World-state changes and scene variants.
• Mail, invitations and delayed consequences.
• Content-review workflow with sensitive-theme flags.
• Testing tools to preview any player state.
• First cross-realm story connecting Backwards Town and Whispering Woods.
Exit gate
Writers can create and test a new multi-stage quest without changing application code, and engineers can 
inspect exactly why any dialogue branch appeared.
--- PAGE 62 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 62
PRODUCTION ROADMAP
Phase 5: Battle System
Add satisfying strategic conflict without changing the world’s emotional identity.
Phase goal
Create the reusable turn-based battle framework and first encounters.
Player outcome
• Players gain a new form of mastery and spectacle, 
with options beyond simply attacking.
Build outcome
• Battle renderer, ability system, enemy logic, 
reward validation, accessibility and content tools.
Dependencies: Explorer stats, companion abilities, items and quest state.
• Responsive battle stage embedded within illustrated story context.
• Basic attack, ability, companion action, item, defend and observe actions.
• Enemy intent and readable status effects.
• Contextual alternate resolutions.
• Equipment and ability loadouts kept simple for first release.
• Server-authoritative outcome and rewards.
• Speed, animation and reduced-motion settings.
• Tutorial encounter and three distinct enemy archetypes.
Exit gate
The same battle is understandable and enjoyable with mouse, keyboard and touch, and remains readable 
with motion reduced and sound disabled.
--- PAGE 63 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 63
PRODUCTION ROADMAP
Phase 6: Arcade Platform
Make it possible to add polished games without rebuilding account integration each 
time.
Phase goal
Build the shared mini-game shell and release the first small library.
Player outcome
• Players can jump into varied games and bring 
meaningful rewards back to the world.
Build outcome
• Phaser game SDK, score validation, input profiles, 
pause, accessibility, reward caps and leaderboards.
Dependencies: Currency ledger, inventory, event configuration and world launch points.
• Shared launch, loading, pause, result and reward screens.
• Keyboard, touch and gamepad input mapping.
• Game-specific tutorial and practice modes.
• Server validation or anti-cheat strategy appropriate to each game.
• Daily and weekly reward caps.
• Private best scores and optional anonymised event placement.
• Performance budget for lower-end phones.
• Initial games: Rewind Run, Unbake!, Moonlake Fishing and Whisper Catcher.
Exit gate
A new mini-game can be added using documented interfaces without custom rebuilding of login, currency, 
settings, rewards or responsive shell.
--- PAGE 64 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 64
PRODUCTION ROADMAP
Phase 7: Home Quests and Guardian Portal
Introduce the optional family bridge only after the magical world stands on its own.
Phase goal
Build secure guardian linking, optional real-world tasks, approvals and family controls.
Player outcome
• A child can receive a small magical bonus for 
helpful real-life actions without feeling monitored 
or punished.
Build outcome
• Separate guardian portal, permissions, notification 
delivery, task rules, audit logs and privacy controls.
Dependencies: Stable accounts, reward ledger, child-safety review and legal input.
• Guardian invitation and linking flow.
• System and custom Home Quest creation.
• Child claim and guardian confirm/not-yet flow.
• Signed email action links and dashboard history.
• Reward caps, recurrence and anti-farming rules.
• Preset and limited custom encouragement messages.
• Purchase, age-path and accessibility controls.
• Export, unlink and deletion request processes.
Exit gate
Security testing demonstrates that a child cannot access guardian data, one guardian cannot access another 
family, and rewards cannot be claimed without authorised approval.
--- PAGE 65 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 65
PRODUCTION ROADMAP
Phase 8: Economy, Shops, Crafting and 
Collections
Give items meaning and create sustainable goals without inflation or clutter.
Phase goal
Expand the item economy, shops, collections and crafting using auditable systems.
Player outcome
• Different play styles can pursue useful, decorative 
and story-rich goals.
Build outcome
• Item CMS, pricing tools, transaction analytics, 
crafting recipes, storage and collection displays.
Dependencies: Stable reward ledger, first realm shop data and player home displays.
• Clear currency roles: coins for ordinary trade, Starlight for special progress, event tokens only when 
necessary.
• Shop stock rules and world-consistent pricing.
• Crafting tied to places and characters rather than generic recipe spam.
• Item provenance and collection stories.
• Duplicate-item uses and safe sinks to control inflation.
• Storage that is generous enough for collectors.
• Protected gifting or trading only after safety review.
• Cosmetic monetisation integrated without gameplay power.
Exit gate
Economy simulations and test accounts show stable earning and spending across new, regular and highly 
active play patterns.
--- PAGE 66 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 66
PRODUCTION ROADMAP
Phase 9: Seasonal World and Wish Lists
Prove that the universe can change safely and memorably over time.
Phase goal
Launch event infrastructure, scene variants, shared goals and optional guardian-enabled wish-list rituals.
Player outcome
• The player sees the world transform and carries 
permanent memories from temporary events.
Build outcome
• Event CMS, scheduling, rollback, variation assets, 
archival entries and wish-list privacy model.
Dependencies: Content publication workflow, guardian portal and live-operations ownership.
• First major seasonal event across homepage, Crossroads and Backwards Town.
• Global anonymous progress meter with no direct communication.
• Event quests, games, items and permanent keepsakes.
• Scene variation and asset preloading.
• Repeat-event versioning and archive pages.
• Guardian choice of Christmas, alternative celebration, birthdays or disabled wish lists.
• Private real-world wish data separated from in-world favourites.
• Emergency event disable and reward correction tools.
Exit gate
The event can start and end automatically, be paused safely, preserve earned history and avoid leaving 
broken hotspots or inaccessible rewards.
--- PAGE 67 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 67
PRODUCTION ROADMAP
Phase 10: Walkable Realms and Expanded 
Universe
Let selected illustrations become physical spaces while preserving the page-first 
identity.
Phase goal
Add reusable walkable micro-zones and open several new realms.
Player outcome
• Players experience genuine movement and 
discovery as a special expansion of the world.
Build outcome
• Top-down or side-view movement framework, zone 
editor, save points, accessibility and scene 
integration.
Dependencies: Stable world content, Phaser runtime and proven realm-production process.
• First zone: a hidden path inside Whispering Woods.
• Movement, collision, interaction and contextual controls.
• Touch layout that does not cover important play space.
• Accessible route guidance and reduced precision requirements.
• Scene-to-zone and zone-to-scene transitions.
• Collectibles and quest state synced with normal world pages.
• Additional realm launches using the established content engine.
• No attempt to convert every existing scene into a walkable level.
Exit gate
The first walkable zone feels like entering the picture, runs well on target phones and can be authored without 
modifying engine code.
--- PAGE 68 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 68
PRODUCTION ROADMAP
Phase 11: Public Beta and Live Operations
Harden the complete experience before inviting a large child audience.
Phase goal
Test safety, performance, content clarity, economy and operations with controlled cohorts.
Player outcome
• Families experience a stable, trustworthy world 
with meaningful support and clear controls.
Build outcome
• Incident response, support tooling, legal readiness, 
load validation, analytics review and launch 
operations.
Dependencies: All intended launch systems, external specialist review and operational staffing.
• Closed family testing, then invitation beta, then controlled public opening.
• Independent child-safety, privacy and security assessment.
• Accessibility audit with users and assistive technology.
• Performance testing on low-end Android, iPad and common desktop browsers.
• Economy and reward exploit testing.
• Content review across age paths.
• Support, refund, deletion, incident and account-recovery procedures.
• Live event rehearsal and rollback.
• Clear launch scope; unfinished realms remain intentionally locked, not visibly broken.
Launch principle
A smaller complete world is safer and more magical than a large public site full of unfinished doors, 
placeholder stories and unreliable rewards.
--- PAGE 69 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 69
SECTION 09
Cursor Production Contract
Make long AI coding runs precise, reviewable and difficult to misinterpret.
--- PAGE 70 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 70
AI WORKFLOW
How Cursor Should Receive Work
Each phase needs a dedicated construction manual, not one endlessly growing prompt.
1. Attach this master PDF and the relevant detailed phase PDF.
2. Provide the current repository and explicitly identify existing architecture that must be preserved.
3. Attach approved reference images and character sheets as real files with stable names.
4. Tell Cursor to inspect the repository before changing it, then implement rather than merely propose.
5. Require it to generate or source every specified asset and reject placeholders.
6. Require testable checkpoints inside the phase, but let it continue through the complete assigned scope.
7. Require it to run builds, tests and visual checks at desktop, tablet and phone sizes.
8. Require a final implementation report listing files, routes, generated assets, known limitations and test 
results.
9. Review visually before beginning the next phase. Do not stack new prompts on a broken visual 
foundation.
Prompt discipline
Avoid vague requests such as “make it magical.” The phase PDF must define composition, asset layers, text, 
interactions, states, responsive behaviour, data and acceptance criteria screen by screen.
--- PAGE 71 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 71
REUSABLE OUTLINE
Standard Detailed Phase PDF Structure
Every future phase manual should follow this order.
Section Purpose
1. Phase objective The exact player experience and build outcome.
2. Locked terminology Names and concepts Cursor must use consistently.
3. Existing-system audit What to inspect and preserve before coding.
4. User journeys Every entry path, branch, interruption and return state.
5. Screen inventory A numbered list of every page, modal, overlay and important 
state.
6. Screen-by-screen specification Composition, copy, interaction, animation, responsive and 
accessibility details.
7. Image and asset plan Every background, layer, character, object, icon, variation and 
exact prompt.
8. Component architecture Routes, reusable components, services, state and folder 
structure.
9. Data model and permissions Tables, fields, validation, ownership and audit requirements.
10. Content definitions Dialogue, quest nodes, item data, configuration and age 
variants.
11. Testing plan Functional, visual, accessibility, security, performance and edge 
cases.
12. Acceptance criteria Unambiguous evidence required before the phase is complete.
13. Out-of-scope list Features Cursor must not begin during this phase.
14. Final report format What Cursor returns after implementation.
--- PAGE 72 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 72
REUSABLE TEMPLATE
Screen Specification Template
Use this block for every important screen in a phase PDF.
Field Required content
Screen ID Stable code such as P1-S07.
Route/state URL, modal, overlay or game state.
Player purpose Why the player is here and what they should feel.
Entry conditions How the screen is reached and required account/world state.
Visual composition Foreground, background, characters, UI safe zones, lighting and 
focal order.
Exact copy Headings, dialogue, labels, hints, errors and age variants.
Interactive elements Buttons, hotspots, keyboard order, gestures and disabled states.
Animation/audio Loops, transitions, sound cues and reduced-motion behaviour.
Responsive rules Desktop, tablet, portrait phone and safe-area treatment.
Data reads/writes State required and state changed.
Failure/edge states Offline, slow asset, invalid state, expired session and recovery.
Assets File names, dimensions, layers, prompts and references.
Acceptance evidence Screenshots, tests and observed behaviours.
--- PAGE 73 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 73
CODING CONTRACT
Cursor Implementation Rules
These instructions should be repeated in every production prompt.
• Do not return only a plan. Inspect, implement, run and fix.
• Preserve functioning existing systems unless the phase explicitly replaces them.
• Use reusable typed components and structured content rather than hard-coded copies of each page.
• Do not leave placeholder art, lorem ipsum, fake buttons or routes leading to empty pages.
• Generate assets to named files, optimise them and record generation prompts in metadata.
• Use real HTML for essential text and controls.
• Implement desktop, tablet and phone deliberately.
• Honour keyboard, focus, contrast, reduced motion and text scaling.
• Use server-side validation for rewards, guardian actions and account-sensitive operations.
• Run type checking, linting, unit tests and build.
• Add automated tests for the critical player journey.
• Document any limitation honestly rather than pretending it is complete.
Stop condition
Cursor should stop and report when a requirement is technically impossible with the available tools or would 
require unsafe assumptions. It should not silently replace the requirement with a placeholder.
--- PAGE 74 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 74
PRODUCTION RECORDS
Image Asset Metadata
Every generated asset should be traceable and reproducible.
Recommended sidecar JSON
{
  "asset_id": "p1-homepage-background-v03",
  "file": "homepage-background-desktop-v03.webp",
  "screen_ids": ["P1-S01"],
  "asset_type": "background",
  "dimensions": {"width": 2560, "height": 1440},
  "source_file": "homepage-background-desktop-v03.png",
  "prompt": "[FULL GENERATION PROMPT]",
  "negative_requirements": ["no text", "no characters", "no windmill blades"],
  "references": ["visual-bible-v1.png", "homepage-approved-v02.png"],
  "status": "approved",
  "created_at": "YYYY-MM-DD",
  "notes": "Calm centre region reserved for menu. Mobile composition is separate."
}
Where a generation tool supports seed, model, style reference or source image identifiers, store them as 
additional fields. Never rely on a chat history as the only record of how a production asset was made.
--- PAGE 75 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 75
SECTION 10
Appendices
Working terminology, writing rules and the immediate next documents to 
create.
--- PAGE 76 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 76
GLOSSARY
Working Terminology
A shared language prevents prompt drift.
Term Meaning
The World The product and the fantasy universe.
Wayfinder The player’s in-world role.
Explorer The player avatar.
Companion The bonded original magical creature.
The Between The connecting cosmic space/path network.
Heartstar Recurring mysterious source/light.
Crossroads Primary safe hub and player-home location.
Realm A major themed world or region.
Scene A clickable illustrated location or interior.
Hotspot An accessible interactive region within a scene.
Echo A collectible or phenomenon carrying traces of another place or 
time.
Starlight Working name for special progress currency or energy earned 
through meaningful activity.
Home Quest Optional guardian-approved real-world task.
Age path Broad dialogue and support adaptation: Bright, Curious or Far 
Path.
Enterable picture A scene that launches a walkable area or game.
--- PAGE 77 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 77
NARRATIVE STYLE
Character Writing Rules
Warm, funny and honest without sounding like an adult pretending to be a child.
• Characters want things unrelated to teaching the player a lesson.
• Humour comes from personality and world logic, not cruelty or humiliation.
• Adults can be mistaken, apologetic, frightened, silly and still trustworthy.
• Children and young characters have agency and are not merely quest objects.
• Disabled characters are part of the world and have goals, skills and flaws beyond disability.
• Do not resolve every uncomfortable feeling immediately. Some stories can end with support and continued 
effort.
• Avoid therapy jargon in ordinary dialogue.
• Use honest, plain language when a safety message must be direct.
• Do not imply that kindness always produces immediate rewards.
• Recurring characters should remember meaningful help and also continue living when the player is absent.
Dialogue test
Read every line aloud. If it sounds like a worksheet, marketing copy or an adult delivering a disguised lecture, 
rewrite it.
--- PAGE 78 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 78
MEASUREMENT
Initial Success Measures
The early goal is proof of affection and trust, not maximum scale.
Question Evidence
Do players want to enter? Homepage-to-start rate, qualitative reactions and visual 
usability.
Does onboarding create attachment? Completion, companion selection confidence and return 
after first session.
Does the world feel understandable? Navigation success, low confusion-related exits and 
support feedback.
Do children discover rather than merely follow? Optional hotspot discovery and varied paths through the 
first realm.
Do families trust it? Guardian linking completion, privacy understanding and 
low purchase/support friction.
Does it work across devices? Comparable completion and satisfaction on desktop, 
phone and iPad.
Are values invisible enough? Players discuss characters and outcomes rather than 
describing the game as a lesson.
Can the team expand it? Time and defect rate required to add a new scene, 
quest, item or game.
Do not optimise too early
A small group loving the first realm is more valuable than a large group briefly sampling an unfinished 
universe.
--- PAGE 79 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 79
RISK REGISTER
Primary Risks and Countermeasures
The biggest risks are creative inconsistency, uncontrolled scope and premature child-
facing launch.
Risk Countermeasure
AI-art inconsistency Use approved sheets, asset metadata, review gates and a small 
recurring cast before bulk generation.
Too much world, too little depth Complete Crossroads and Backwards Town before opening 
many realm doors.
Educational tone overwhelms magic Review stories first as entertainment; remove explicit praise 
labels and summaries.
Guardian feature becomes coercive Keep Home Quests optional, capped and separate from core 
story access.
Economy inflation or exploits Append-only ledger, server validation, caps, simulations and 
correction tools.
Mobile experience feels cropped Generate intentional mobile compositions and test lower-end 
devices.
Child privacy failure Minimise data, separate roles, specialist review and automated 
permission testing.
Monetisation erodes trust No loot boxes, no pay-to-win, guardian gates and transparent 
store design.
Cursor refactors destructively Phase-scoped prompts, repository audit, tests, branches and 
review before the next phase.
Live event failure Draft/preview, staged release, rollback, disable switches and 
reward correction.
--- PAGE 80 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 80
NEXT ACTION
Immediate Next Documents
The master is complete; production should now move into focused phase manuals.
1. Phase 0 PDF: Visual Bible and Asset Pipeline - finalise style, characters, companion families, UI kit and 
generation workflow.
2. Phase 1 PDF: Your First Day - screen-by-screen construction manual from homepage through the first 
Crossroads invitation.
3. Phase 2 PDF: Crossroads and Player Home - hub, inventory, room, map, dailies and first collections.
4. Phase 3 PDF: Backwards Town - the complete flagship realm, including every scene, character, quest, 
shop and initial game.
5. Dedicated Safety and Guardian Technical Specification - detailed permissions, consent, email 
approvals, data retention and review requirements before Home Quests are built.
6. Mini-Game SDK Specification - created immediately before Phase 6 after the main world shell and 
economy are stable.
Recommended next build document
Create Phase 0 first, even if the homepage prototype already exists. It will establish the consistency system 
needed to generate dozens or hundreds of assets without the world visually falling apart.
--- PAGE 81 ---
THE WORLD  |  MASTER DESIGN BIBLE
Page 81
CLOSING
Final Statement
The technology should disappear behind the feeling.
The World does not need to simulate every footstep to feel enormous. It needs places worth imagining, 
characters worth remembering, games worth replaying and small secrets that make a child believe the 
world continues when the screen is closed.
Its originality comes from the combination: a cosmic hidden structure, warm storybook fantasy, illustrated 
click-through exploration, occasional enterable pictures, companions shaped by the journey, honest 
values, optional guardian-approved real-world quests and a deliberate refusal to expose children to open 
social harm.
The first objective is not to build thousands of pages. It is to build one opening journey and one town so 
convincingly that the player believes thousands of pages could exist.
The north star
Create the place a child cannot wait to return to.
